I do hate you
I hate that you and Lu Xueyan are entangled
i
I hate that you can affect my mood at every turn
I hate it when you talk about it every day
Primary two
You really don't know anything
What he meant
Is that what I think it means?
What are your hands doing?
Please take care of yourself. What's wrong?
When you are by my side
I don't want to eat your father for you
You are not
The most taboo thing for men to say is no
Why don't I try it first?
I have something to tell you.
I plan to work from home from tomorrow
I'll be back at the company in two weeks
You are a good employee.
But you are not a good wife and mother
Can a good wife and mother be paid?
economic independence
It's the beginning of a woman's respect
And I'm a career woman
I can forget my worries while working
Every time I dream of another baby
I hate myself so much
Ah!
It's not your fault.
Can you work from home?
But it must be after maternity leave.
To go to work
Me? Why?
I don't have to breastfeed
Just when I'm not around
Mom and Mrs. Liu can both take care of the children
I can totally go to work
This is the driver, Mr. Xu
Haven't found it yet
What do you mean?
Wasn't that an accident?
Someone wants to harm the child